Week1
1. Design The Logo for the Rental Inspection System
2. Draw the Demo of the Front-end with zihan Lin

Week2
1. Try the Google map API for web Developer and successfully
2. Draw the physics model(draft) of ER diagram.
3. Draw the System Architecture diagram(draft) for the system.

Week3
1. Draw the inspection report page, testing the basic function of post by Firebase.
	The 1st version of the report page:
		1. editing the content and post the content to the back-end
2. Design the structure of the adding properties page. 
	This page will include uploading image(single). 
	Binding the information of tenant and properties.
	By pressing the show location button to mark the location on the map.

Week4
1. Testing the data submission of add properties page
2. Editing the report page(Adding 2 attributes title and date):
	The 2nd version:
		1. Editing the title of the report.
		2. Catching the time stamp when submitting.

problem: Setting the Google map in the which period VUE3 Life cycle?

Week5
1. Test and make vedio for demo1

Week6
1. Dive into canvas, problem: how to plugin the canvas into vue3
	Canvas demo: https://github.com/OldManRoy/Canvas_Demo
2. Reconstruct the add properties page and make it more responsive

Week7
1. Test the google map of add properties package --> success
2. Make the add properties page more reasonable
3. Start show property detail page

Week8
1. Change to use component vue-google-autocomplete
2. Based on the properties detail page, to do the multiple selection for inspection
3. Change the background like other pages

Week 9
1. Finish the report modify page and connect with the back-end
2. Finish the report overview page and connect with the back-end
3. Finish the Adding report page and connect with the back-end
4. Setting up the system on the Lubuntu

Week10
1. Finish the report part of Adding inspection report
2. Finish the Front-end technology of the report
3. Finish the technology challenge of the report
4. Finish the user document part of the report(based on Lubuntu)